that's high tech / week and I got a few
tweets here by pod2g on an update of the
untethered jailbreak for 5.1 for all
iDevices currently if you guys aren't up
to date with the jewelry information for
5.1 they only have at energy breakout
4985 devices they five devices would be
the new iPad at third generation the
second generation iPad and the 4s those
all have an a5 processor and the IP new
ipad of course has da 5x but he says ETA
451 jailbreak no clue we're going to set
pieces of the puzzle together this week
and we they could have issues who said
it could be a month maybe two and they
said maybe never which it's not gonna be
never dummy no reason they would have a
jailbreak is if they release a new
software I fav release like something
after 5.1 and then he's not gonna be
something for 5.1 most likely it'll be
he'll then continue to work on the new
software that's what I was assuming he
would do i'm not positive on that just
saying and he gives a short explanation
is why it might be at lon and i feel he
shouldn't have to explain himself he's
making a jailbreak and releasing the
public for free he should have to give
an explanation as to why or how long it
will take just be patient i'm going to
assume about a month I don't remember
what I said previously but i'm going to
assume about a month from this point
especially according to his tweets if to
don't have patience he said they could
have issues and then of course maybe two
months or longer or whatever but that is
it's one update you guys quickly with
that and they also said this a little
bit before that last tweet i just showed
you guys I said SLR seems bypassed and
he's a time to auto painted pelo
whatever that means I don't know any of
this stuff at all but its progress so
we're getting closer I don't how long
yet i'm going to zoom it's going to be a
little bit yet it's all you people that
are on 5.1 waiting for jailbreak or or
an option in downgraded 5.0 point one i
know i released a video previously to
like I don't look like
two videos back I released a video
saying I hate snow was working on a
program to downgrade the 4s and other
devices from 5.1 to 5.0 point one for
the a5 devices right now the 985 devices
can down rated 5.0 point one but it
seems to have some problems and it seems
very difficult I managed to do it once
but after that I try to do it again and
I couldn't do it so it just seems like
you might get lucky sometimes or
whatever you do like I I'm not going to
go into that too much but um it's not
whatever way to go from 5.1 to 5.0 point
1 i'm not a 5 device it's not too steady
and right now there's no way to get an
a5 device downgraded at all some people
that are without a job right now you're
either going out the way for prodigy to
release his for 5.1 or an option
downward to 5.0 point one from 5.1 which
would be i hate snow at least in his
program which i haven't heard any
updates on and he said he said that
might be a while also so just hanging
there people be patient and just wait
for this to come on i guess that's all
the advice I can give you guys worst
time to be patient on this but of course
I'll have further updates so go ahead
and subscribe top if you would like to
to receive those updates I'll continue
to release these two updates as pot UT
tweets them out and that is basically it
for this update I also didn't want to
say that I will have a video on the the
mac hack store that is released it all
right here is the the heck store and
I'll just give you a little preview here
I'm gonna do video on this maybe
tomorrow or I don't know when it's going
to happen but it's basically just got
some dope or stuff in and I'll go over
this in my next video and maybe get a
little bit more in depth into that but
there's a little preview of it they just
released at about half an hour ago an
hour ago or something like that but that
is it for this video guys that's my
update for the 5.1 jailbreak again you
can subscribe to talk to me notify when
I released my updates my future updates
and you can also find me on Twitter to
get updates over there I'll put out some
tech updates over there and that's it my
Twitter user name is the same as my
youtube username I take over a week
could you guys in the next video hoping
to rest your night nosey later